<h3>Introduction</h3> <br>
A smartphone is an extremely personal device. In the social media apps, we have personal messages and information. Then there are financial apps, which keep a lot of our personal information. We also take a lot of personal images and movies, which are saved in our smartphone's gallery app. So, clearly, you may use our Advanced App Access Protector to protect all confidential information. The App Protector is one of the most basic security tools available. It operates by encrypting our other programs to protect them from prying eyes. We won't have to worry about someone gaining access to our Facebook, gallery, or banking apps this way. It's vital to remember that this isn't a complete security solution. It's appropriate for children or snoopy pals. These, on the other hand, offer very little genuine protection against things like stolen phones or even our more tech-savvy acquaintances. Actually, App Protector is an Android app that allows us to lock apps that we don't want others to have access to without our permission. It will assist us in preventing data loss by inexperienced users or youngsters. This App Protector is the ideal tool for protecting our apps, allowing us to set or disable the lock as needed, as well as toggle between lock pattern mode. One of the key advantages of utilizing App Protector is that it allows us to have complete control over which applications we use and how we use them while also providing extensive customization choices and meticulous attention to detail.
<h3>Problem Domain</h3> <br>
The problem domain of this project is Security, Pattern Lock, Information Protection, Unauthorized Access Point, Detection and Prevention.
<h3>Motivations</h3> <br>
Smartphones now hold a lot of sensitive information. Banking apps, note-taking apps, gallery apps, and other similar apps must be protected from prying eyes. As a result, I am driven to work with it in order to preserve all confidential information. Many parents occasionally lend their smartphones to their children. However, parents do not want their children to have access to all Applications. So I'm motivated to work on it in order to solve it. Also Keeping our phones safe from unwanted visitors is essential nowadays, especially when we have a lot of personal information on them. Whether we need to keep our children from seeing our photos or our flatmate from seeing our Facebook account, an application bolt can ensure that only we control who sees our
information.
We utilize our Smartphones in our daily lives. We also engage in various activities using Smartphone Apps. Sometimes we need to focus on our work or studies. However, some of us are so engrossed in our Smartphones that we are unable to focus fully on our work or studies. In this case, we can disable the apps to which we are attached and focus on our work or studies. In this case, our App Protector could be a fantastic
solution. So all of those things encourage me to work on this project.
<h3>Aims/Objectives</h3> <br>
The development of this type of system has numerous objectives/goals. To provide the highest level of security, we wish to give pattern lock and Prevent illegal access by capturing photos features. Children of all ages accessing financial data or app shops, or accidentally purchasing in-app stuff, is one of
the most important challenges that guardians face nowadays. The only method to avoid this is to use an App Access Protector to ensure that we are protected from unwanted costs. Also Because app lock is a security feature that allows us to determine who has access to what on our phone or tablet, many frameworks will have additional security features that monitor for application-related viruses or unwanted phone snoops. There's nothing worse than worrying that someone is looking through our belongings, therefore an App Access Protector will help us feel more secure about what's on our phones. So all of those things are the main objective or goal for this work.So all of those thing are the main
<h3>Tools & Technologies</h3> <br>
To develop this system, we need some TOOLS & TECHNOLOGIES. Some of them are mentioned below:
1. Android Studio (IDE)
2. SDK tools
3. JAVA
4. Android Emulator
5. Real Android Device
6. Linux Kernel
7. ADB
8. AVD
9. DB
10. Proguard-Rules
<h1>Challenges</h3> <br>
When an engineer is required to think in a different way, he or she is constantly confronted with a variety of obstacles, rivalries, and hindrances. In our task, there are various obstacles, challenges, challenges, and barriers, just as there are in this situation. Our project is beneficial to members of the general public. However, we now add to Facebook, what apps, Viber, IMO, Instagram, snap-talk, and a slew of other web- based life applications. As a result, doing so in our country will be more difficult. We frequently waste our time on internet-based life applications; this application will fill a critical need that is now being overlooked. I can obstruct my site with this program, which is incredibly harmful to us. Furthermore, we strive to provide complete customer satisfaction. If we encounter any difficulties with a catch's or our application's security, we will work to resolve them.
<h3>Front-End Design</h3> <br>
The front-end encompasses everything that the user sees, including design and some programming languages. The user interface design that the user sees when he or she launches the program or website is called front-end design. That means the front-end design is the most crucial aspect of a project. When a user wants to open an application or a website, most people anticipate a straightforward User Interface or Graphical User Interface from the developer. The program fails to attract the user if the front-end design is too complicated. As a result, we attempted to keep the front-end of our program as simple as feasible. We also attempted to create a user-friendly graphical user interface. However, designing a graphical user interface for providing these types of services to users is a difficult task. However, we made every effort to make our application as simple as possible. Hopefully, our program is very user-friendly and that the user can easily access it.
